Clarify meaning for rosie copy (#2517)
metomi/rose: sphinx/tutorial/rose/rosie.rst

   Rosie suites can be created by the command:

:ref:`command-rosie-create`
   - Create a new suite.
   - Create a new suite, starting with the content of another suite,

> `rosie copy` is an alias for `rosie create`

Author: ```suggestion
   - `rosie copy` is an alias for `rosie create`
```

>    - `rosie copy` is an alias for `rosie create`

Author: ```suggestion
     `rosie copy` is an alias for `rosie create`
```

>      (`rosie copy` is an alias for `rosie create`)

Reviewer: How about for absolute clarity
```suggestion
     (`rosie copy` is an alias that extends `rosie create`)
```

>      command-rosie-create using the alias `rose copy`.

Author: ```suggestion
`rosie copy` is an alias for `rosie create`
```
